From: ██████████████████  
To: ██████████████████  
Subject: NT Earnings Information  
Mime-Version: 1.0  
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ANSI_X3.4-1968  
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable  
X-From: "Earnings.com" <█████████████████>@ENRON  
X-To: ██████████████████  
X-cc:   
X-bcc:   
X-Folder: \PALLEN (Non-Privileged)\Allen, Phillip K.\Deleted Items  
X-Origin: Allen-P  
X-FileName: PALLEN (Non-Privileged).pst  

Earnings.com - News  
Earnings.com =09[IMAGE] =09  
=09     NT   5.92 -0.03    Nortel Networks Reports Results for Third Quarte=
r 2001   TORONTO, Oct 18, 2001 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Nortel Networks Corporati=
on(b) (NYSE:NT)(TSE:NT.):         --  Revenues from continuing operations: =
US$3.7 billion     --  Pro forma net loss(a) per share: US$0.68; before inc=
remental         charges: US$0.27     --  Net loss from continuing operatio=
ns: US$3.5 billion  

Positive operating cashflow contributes to increase in cash to US$3.4 billion. Nortel Networks Corporation(b) (NYSE:NT)(TSE:NT.) today reported results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2001 prepared in accordance with US generally accepted accounting principles.

Revenues from continuing operations were US$3.69 billion for the third quarter of 2001 compared to US$6.73 billion in the same period in 2000. Pro forma net loss from continuing operations(a) for the third quarter of 2001, excluding incremental provisions and other charges, was US$854 million or US$0.27 per common share. Including the incremental provisions and other charges, pro forma net loss from continuing operations(a) for the third quarter of 2001 was US$2.18 billion, or US$0.68 per common share, compared to pro forma net earnings of US$597 million, or US$0.19 per common share on a diluted basis, for the same period in 2000.

In the quarter, incremental charges included in the pro forma net loss from continuing operations(a) were comprised of: US$750 million (pre-tax) for excess and obsolete inventory, primarily related to Optical Inter-City; US$767 million (pre-tax) for increased provisions related to trade receivables and customer financing; and US$380 million (pre-tax) primarily related to charges associated with certain third-party investments. The Company also recorded: a US$801 million (pre-tax) charge for restructuring associated with the completion of the workforce reductions and facilities closures announced in June 2001; and a US$223 million (pre-tax) charge primarily related to the approximately 50 percent reduction in manufacturing capacity of its Photonics Components business.

Including Acquisition Related Costs(a), stock option compensation from acquisitions and divestitures, and one-time gains and charges, Nortel Networks recorded a net loss from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2001 of US$3.47 billion or US$1.08 per common share.

"Revenues for the quarter reflected the challenges presented as the telecom industry adjusted to new levels of spending," said John Roth, president and chief executive officer Nortel Networks. "Our bottom-line results reflected the impact of actions we have taken to adjust to the new business levels. During the third quarter of 2001, Nortel Networks continued to aggressively implement its work plan to reduce its cost structure and streamline operations. The Company is in the final stages of implementing a cost structure to drive break-even at a quarterly revenue level well below US$4 billion. The structure is expected to be in place in the first quarter of 2002."

Frank Dunn, the Company's new president and chief executive officer effective November 1, 2001, said, "Nortel Networks is focusing its investments and its organization to drive continued leadership across three businesses: Metro Networks, which encompasses metro optical networking, IP networking, IP services and voice over IP solutions for service providers and enterprises; Wireless Networks; and Optical Long Haul Networks. In the quarter, our product programs continued to advance as we focused on building on our industry-leading portfolio of solutions. We also continued to work with our
customers to help them plan and deploy the solutions that will position them to drive reductions in their cost of operations and enable them to take advantage of opportunities for new revenue streams.